Mahad: Was not present meeting 1. Meeting 2: Added user story (5 minutes) discussed with the team about
ideas and how to implement them, like a login system and what type of rental service we would run (30 minutes).
Also worked on Meeting Minutes and Log of Contributions documents (1 hour). Was assigned task to help with backend programming.

Ardalan: Meeting 2: Added 2 user stories (20 minutes). Discussed with team about different features to be added, such as the login system
and if our product should cater to the audience by using fleets of cars stocked at certain airports worldwide (30 minutes).
Was assigned task to help with frontend programming.

Meeting 3:

Armin:

Meeting 1: Planned out the start of the project (10 minutes). Worked with Omar on the Github Readme and finished it as well as
finishing the Project Approach and Technology document (50 minutes). Discussed frameworks to be used in the project (10 minutes). Worked with Omar
to decide frameworks to be used during the project as well as general functions of the software (15 minutes).

Meeting 2: Added 4 user stories (20 minutes). Discussed with 3 others on extra features to add into the project (30 minutes). Suggested
the idea of adding fleets at different airports if the software were to be worldwide . Discussed the idea of making the
software exclusive to Canada instead of worldwide. (30 minutes)
Was assigned to mainly work on the backend with Omar as well as generally help with frontend.

Meeting 3:

Omar:

Meeting 1: Setup the database needed for the project (40 minutes). Worked with Armin on Github Readme as well as
starting and finishing the Project Approach and Technology document. Decided on the frameworks to use for the project (50 minutes).
Discussed about different ideas to add into the project and planned out the general requirements (15 minutes).

Meeting 2: Finalized database planning and started working on the database code (45 minutes). Discussed with the 3 others on
extra features to add into the project, such as a login system, how to organize the rental system in terms of
airports around Canada instead of certain locations (30 minutes).
Was assigned to help with both backend and frontend programming generally, as well as database setup.

Meeting 3:
